Look around us now;
See the love on each face—
Out there in the world,
hard to find.
All these faithful friends
With the love they all show,
Glad to leave
that old world behind.
Love never fails; that’s promised.
It always will endure.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what Jehovah gives.
That’s what he is.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what we need to live.
And the love here today,
In our heart may it stay—
Unfailing love.
Though sometimes it seems
Like the cares of this life
Weigh us down and feel hard to bear,
Giving brings us joy
When we share faith and hope,
Comforted by God’s loving care.
Love will remain; that’s promised.
It always will endure.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what Jehovah gives.
That’s what he is.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what we need to live.
And the love here today,
In our heart may it stay.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what Jehovah gives.
That’s what he is.
Love—unfailing love—
That’s what we need to live.
And the love here today,
In our heart may it stay—
Unfailing love,
Unfailing love.